ux: update training profile prompts for clarity (#2239)
instructlab/instructlab: README.md

   Path to your model [/home/user/.cache/instructlab/models/merlinite-7b-lab-Q4_K_M.gguf]: <ENTER>
   ```

> 5. When prompted, please choose a train profile. Train profiles are GPU specific profiles that enable accelerated training behavior. If you are on MacOS or a Linux machine without a dedicated GPU, please choose `No Profile (CPU, Apple Metal, AMD ROCm)` by hitting Enter. There are various flags you can utilize with individual `ilab` commands that allows you to utilize your GPU if applicable.

Reviewer: Ooo nice catch @achuzhoy because it is a plural subject. 
So this is correct, approving then @nathan-weinberg can still update this as well

> 5. When prompted, please choose a train profile. Train profiles are GPU specific profiles that enable accelerated training behavior. If you are on MacOS or a Linux machine without a dedicated GPU, please choose `No Profile (CPU, Apple Metal, AMD ROCm)` by hitting Enter. There are various flags you can utilize with individual `ilab` commands that will allow you to utilize your GPU if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. When prompted, please choose a train profile. Train profiles are GPU specific profiles that enable accelerated training behavior. If you are on MacOS or a Linux machine without a dedicated GPU, please choose `No Profile (CPU, Apple Metal, AMD ROCm)` by hitting Enter. There are various flags you can utilize with individual `ilab` commands that allows you to utilize your GPU if applicable.
```

   ```shell
   Welcome to InstructLab CLI. This guide will help you to setup your environment.
   Please provide the following values to initiate the environment [press Enter for defaults]:
   Path to taxonomy repo [/home/user/.local/share/instructlab/taxonomy]:
   Path to your model [/home/user/.cache/instructlab/models/merlinite-7b-lab-Q4_K_M.gguf]:
   Generating `/home/user/.config/instructlab/config.yaml` and `/home/user/.local/share/instructlab/internal/train_configuration/profiles`...
   Please choose a train profile to use.
   Train profiles assist with the complexity of configuring specific GPU hardware with the InstructLab Training library.
   Note you can still take advantage of hardware acceleration for training even if your hardware is not listed.
   [0] No profile (CPU, Apple Metal, AMD ROCm)

>    [1] Nvidia A100/H100 x2 (A100_H100_x2.yaml)

Reviewer: Want to know your thoughts, I'm not sure how feasible this is bc I know vRAM can be inconsistent. But what do you think about adding the vRAM options after the GPUs. 
Like 
` [1] Nvidia A100/H100 x2 (vRAM 80GB)`
`[2] Nvidia A100/H100 x4 (vRAM 40GB/80GB)` 
or something like that, that the profiles work with. 
I know that was a pain point folks were running into with the workflow. 

Im not sure if this is a larger task that is out of scope of this PR, but I can make an issue for that if you think thats better?

Author: Discussed with @kelbrown20 and @cdoern offline, we're going to hold off on this for now
